1.game        (TED 演讲 :畅想电子游戏 12.5.2)

   I like many of you,live some where between reality and video games.Some part of me -- a true living,breathing person has become programmed,electronic and virtual.The boundary of my brain that divides real from fantasy has finally begun to crumble.I'm a video game addict and this is my story.

   In the year of my birth the Nitendo Entertainment System also went into development.I played in the backyard, learned to read ,and even ate some of my vegetables.Most of my childhood was spent playing with Legos.But as was the case for most of my generation,I spent a lot of time in front of the TV.Mr.Rogers,Walt Disney,Nick Junior,and roughly half a million commercials have undoubtedly left their mark on me .When my parents bought my sister and I our first Nintendo,whaever inherent addictive quality this early interative electronic entertainment possessed quickly took hold of me .
   At some point something clicked .With the combination of simple,interactive stories and the warmth of the TV set,my simple 16-bit Nintendo became more than just an escape.It became an alternate existence, my virtual reality.
   I'm a video game addict, and it's not because of a certain number of hours I have spent playing,or nights I have gone without sleep to finish the next level.It is because I have had life-altering experiences in virtual space,and video games had begun to erode my own understanding of what is real and what is not .I'm addicted, because even thought I know I'm losing my grip on reality,I still crave more.
   From an early age I learned to invest myself emotionally in what unfolded before me on screen.Today,after 20 years of watching TV geared to make me emotional,even a decent insurance commercial can bring tears to my eyes.I am just one of a new generation that is growing up.A generatoin who may experience much more meaning through video games thatn they will throught the real world. Video games are nearning an evolutionary leap,a point where games worlds will look and feel just asw real as the films we see in theatres,or the news we watch on TV.And while my sense of free will in these virtual worlds may still be limited,what I do learn applies to my real life. 
    Play enough video games and eventually you will really believe you can snowboard, fly a plane,drive a nine-second quarter mile,or kill a man.I know I can .

    Unlike any pop culture phenomenon before it ,video games actually allow us to become part of the machine.They allow us to sublimate into the culture of interactive,downloaded,streaming,HD reality.We are interacting with our enterainment.I have coe to expect this level of interaction. Without it,the problems faced in the real world poverty,war,disease and genocide --lack the levity they should.Their importance blends into the sensationalized drama of prime time TV.But the beauty of video games today lies not in the life like graphics,the vibrating joysticks or virtual surround sound.It lies in that these games are beginning to make me emotional.I have fougtht in wrs,feared for my own survival,watched my cohorts die on beaches and woods taht look and feel more real than any textbook or any news story.The people who create these games are smart.They know what makes me scared,excited,panicked,proud or sad.Then they use these emotinos to dimensionalize 

the worlds they create.A well-designed video game will seamlessly weave the user into the fabric of the virtual experience.As one becomes more experienced the awareness of physical control melts away.I know what I want and I do it.No buttons to push,no triggers to pull,just me and the game.My fate and the fate of the world around me lie inside my hands.

   I know violent video games make my mother worry.What troubles me is not taht video game violence 


2.about love   12.11.24

Love is best taken slowly,

so give yourself time to get know 

the other person and to judge 

whether they are worthy of the love you

have to give and 

whether they are both ready to commit to

the challenge of nurturing 

and sharing a growing love.

不要让爱来得太快,

给你自己一点时间去了解对方,

去判断他们是否值得你爱的馈赠,

你也需要时间判断双方

是否已经做好迎接挑战的准备,

共同培育和分享日益增长的爱情.

3.about love 2     12.11.24

Love is sweet to look upon

but bitter upon parting;

one day it makes you weep

and another skip and dance,

for now I know that the more

one enters love`s service,

the more fickle it becomes.

爱情看起来甜蜜,

而离别却使人痛苦;

今日它令你痛不欲生,

明日它却让你欢欣鼓舞;

我终于明白了

坠入情网愈深,

爱情便愈加捉摸不定.


3.graduates and professor.

A group of graduates got together to visit their old university professor.
    The conversation soon turned into complaints about stress in work and life.
    Offering his guests coffee,the professor went to the kitchen and returned with a large pot of coffee and a variety of cups porcelain,plastic,glass,
crystal,some plain-looking,some expensive,some exquisite telling them to help themselves to the coffee.
    When all the students had a cup of coffee in hand,the professor said,"If you have noticed,all the nice-looking expensive cups have been taken up,leaving behind the plain and cheap ones.
While it is normal for you to want only the best for yourselves,that is the source of your problems and stress." 
	"Be assured that the cup itself adds no quality to the coffee.In most cases it is just more expensive and in some cases even hides waht we drink.","what
all of you really want is coffe,not the cup,but you consciously went for the best cups... And then you began eyeing each other's cups.","Now consider this:Life is the 
coffee;the jobs,money and position in society are the cups.They are just tools to hold and contain life,and the type of cup we have does not define,norchange the quality of life
we live.Sometimes,by concentrating only on the cup,we fail to enjoy the cofffee.Savor the coffee,not the cups!Don't let the cups drive you ... enjoy the cofffee instead."

编后记：我们都在努力奋斗，有时却忘记了为什么而奋斗。珍惜已经拥有的，多花些时间陪陪父母，爱人，孩子和那些对你最重要的人，不要为了奋斗忘了生活。
